## Changelog `v0.25.4` <sup><div align="end">🗓️ 2026-05-13</div></sup>

### 💥 💥 💥 This Release's Top Picks ...  💥 💥 💥

#### **1. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;TOP PICKS EDITOR!**
- Now you can add, and edit your TP from TUI
    - Assigned shortcut `P`
- Fully implemented keyboard shortcuts (ctrl+a/c/v)
- Fully implemented mouse action shortcuts 
    - rightClick to paste/copy, doubleClick to select word, click to position cursor, drag&hold to select

#### **2. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Auto-README changelog injection!**
- You can now automatically inject an expandable one-liner with latest changes from the last release, amazing feature if you ask me...! 🤩
- Make sure to check WIKI pages to understand it fully...

#### **3. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Misc**
- Added support in Distro for "General" scripts
    - Unlike Win/Arm/Amd/Mac, General is not required to produce any artifacts
    - Useful for small projects (e.g. crates, plugins, etc)
- Project reordering in Projects pane
    - Now you can click&drag your projects to change their order
    - Remember, you can do this for a while also with tiles within the project
- Release Notes Editor in ReleaseNOW got enhanced
    - added mouse and keyboard shortcuts


<sub>...  🎉 Enjoy!</sub>

<br>

### 🐛 Fix(es)

* Update top picks section extraction to correctly identify headings and retain entries until the next section. Enhance tests to verify functionality.   _(896abed)_

### 🔧 Maintenance

* CG app version bump to v0.25.4   _(d7530cf)_

### 💎 Enhancements

* Enhance auto-injection logic to replace existing auto-injected blocks in README files. Introduce a new function to identify and manage existing blocks, ensuring proper updates without duplicating content. Add tests to verify the replacement behavior and preserve non-auto-injected details.   _(4bc8eeb)_

### 🧪 Tests

* Enhance Top Picks merging logic to prioritize edits by slot and header normalization. Introduce a new function for header normalization and update tests to validate behavior with priority and header changes. This is an alternative approach to avoid duplicites that needs to be properly tested   _(5ce4400)_

### 📝 Other

* Merge pull request #110 (via ComfyGit)   _(10be2ff)_



---
... ✨ made with [ComfyGit](https://github.com/comfy-home/ComfyGit)